What is the meaning of the True Love?
Can it be jealous?
If you feel its true love will you consider talking anything against them?

If yes No you are not in a True love.
True love is not achieved its born within you. Love which is highest form of Frequency is born within.
Example Radha Krishana
A love story which has separation pain lots of hurt but love of eternity. Where two persons were separated physically but souls were attached to single entity as frequency of love.
This frequency can be felt in various forms. Like in Khana ji's Flute  when he use to play flute that Love frequency comes out and of his in form of Music which was literally enjoyed
by everyone.
If you love someone you won't have any sort of negative thinking about them. You would respect the choice they will make. 
You will feel them. You will feel their pain, their joy, their cry. 

No person in this world is wrong, its just the way we see.  We feel if someone leaves us they are wrong, no they are not.
If someone we love leaves us shall we start hating them ? Is it love ? No, it never was.
Love is one single entity that will exist in 2 different persons no matter what. Even if this world separates them. That frequency won't die. Hence There Love will always be alive. 

Love is highest form of the positive frequency where as hate is the highest negative vibes directly opposite to that of love. 
Now how can a Highest Frequency of love suddenly turn to the negative vibes or frequency ? Its Impossible. If its happening it never was love but an obsession.
You were not able to attain that frequency of the love.

Lets Go back to Treta Yuga In the Era of Radha Krishna. Imagine the amount of the pain Radha ji and Khana ji had to go through While their time. Beside being God's they must have cried, they must have gone through what we go through in this kalyug at the name of breakup or separation. Have you ever thought were they able to move on ? 
Did kahna ji move on ? Did Radha ji move on ? If there is Love there is no move on, It stays forever.
The frequency of love they left can still be felt in the lands of Barsana Vrindavan and their names.
After years when Krishan Ji was married to 16000 queens. Has fav of 8 queens.
Her most favoutite queen "Rukmani Ji" asked him, Whom do you love the most? 'She expecting her name' asked this to  Khana ji.
Kahna ji Smiled and gave no answer.
Rukmani ji again asked 'Little aggressively' Is it not me ?
Khana ji Again smiled and replied  'No, its not you'. 
Rukmani ji who has now developed the feeling of jealousy.
Asked is other Queens(The Fav ones)?
Khana ji again replied 'No, Not even them'.
Rukmani ji Got angry(With Feeling of aggression and jealous) and said Then “Who” ?

He(Khana Ji) stood took a  long breath and said "Radhe Radhe".
As Rukmani ji Heard “Radhe Radhe” Every emotion of her changed. No More jealously aggression no negative feeling retained in her heart. (That is what power of True love). The most Positive Frequency that will vanish away all the negative feelings.
Believe me! No negative feelings can be surround it Ever and ever.
Seeing her Smile is love. Wet eyes with bold smile is purest form of love. When you have this purest form of love its is felt (Received) by the other person.
So if this love has originated in you. Give time and Let it grow strong With time and every negative feeling will go away. Love.
Love get stronger with sacrifice is what Radha Krishna Made me feel. 


