What is the meaning of the True Love?
Can it be jealous?
If you feel its true love will you consider talking anything against them?

If yes No you are not in a True love.
True love is not achieved its born withing you. Love which is highest form of Frequency is born within.

Example Radha Krishana
A love story which has seperation pain lots of hurt but love of eternity. Where two persons were seprated physically but souls were attached to single entity "a frequency of love".
This frequency can be felt in various forms. Like in Khana ji's Flute  when he use to play flute that Love frequency comes out and of his in form of Music which was literraly enjoyed
by everyone.
If you love someone you won't have any sort of negative thinking about them. You would respect the choice they will make. 
You will feel them. You will feel their pain, their joy, their cry. 

No person in this world is wrong, its just the way we see.  We feel if someone leaves us they wrong, no they are not.
If someone leaves us we start hating them ? Is it love? No, it never was.
Love is one single enitity that will exist in 2 persons no matter what. Even if this world seprates them. That frequency won't die.

Love is higest form of the positive frequency where as hate is the highest negative vibes directly opposite to that of love. 
Now how can a Highest Freqency of love suddenly turn to the negative vibes or frequency. Its Impossible. If its happening it never was love.
You were not able to attain that freqency of the love.

Imagine the amount of the pain Radha ji and Khana ji had to go through While their time. Beside being God / Goddess they must aslo have have cried, they must have gone through
what we go through in this kalyug. Beside seperation of years was there a Move On? 
Was kahna ji moved on? Was Radha ji moved on?
Nooo, After years when Krishan Ji was married to 16000 + queens. Has fav of 8 queens.
Her most favoutite queen "Rukmani Ji" asked him, Whom do you love the most? 'She expecting her name' (asking this to Khana Ji).
(Rukamni ji who also use to love Khana ji a lot.)
Kahna ji Smiled and gave no answer to that.
Rukmani ji again asked 'Little agrisively' Is it not me?
Khana ji Again smiled and said 'No its Not You'. Rukmani ji who now developed the feeling of jealousy by now.
Asked him by is it other 8 Queens?
Khana ji again replied 'No'.
..
..
..
..
Khanaji constantly replied 'No'

Then He(Khanaji) stood and walked taking a  long breath and residing the name of "Radhe Radhe".
Smile is love. Wet eyes with bold smile is purest form of love. When you have this purest form of love its is felt (Recieved) by the other person.


Believe me! Rukamni Ji when heard that "Radha's Name from Krishan Ji(for whom he loved the most)" feeling of jealousy was gone  She(Rukmani) was quiet. That powerful the love is. No negative feeligs can be surround it Ever and ever. 
So if this love has originated in you. Give time and Let it grow strong With time and every negative feeling will go away. Love.


Love get stronger with sacrifice. 


